with stolen and cloned credit cards the gang bought several
products finally stove refrigerator had interest of it until cars but to which
only part of the expenses of the group that liked to shop in
luxury shops
and the hard money bands organizing parties they acted on to that
on the interbank credit card since people especially
amapá in January
I used to like shopping in luxury stores one day.
luis pita plum japanese than the masks of belem
in talking at parties and still with electronic banners to resell as well as
the market value treaty thus fomenting guerrilla warfare.
in the early morning of Wednesday the police served 17 search warrants
and seizure and 15 in prison
members of the gang were detained in the metropolitan
two financial institutions in the capital have already been identified as
victims of the group's action this is still one of them, the damage already
almost the million reais being that other people know that just one day of spending the
maximum limit on the card for 55 thousand
so we are still estimating but it is very high up by the standard of living
which led I think the majority of the population of 47% and in the north and
we expect to reduce bank card fraud by 80%
lost in the north of the country between the prisoners an agent of the
according to the police
swiped the cards for the stellar players manoel peireira
worked as a postman for 35 years he denies the prosecution has no
involvement with this gang - no one communicated to me in this
pituca
it is questioned that this was involved in this mother
on the Japanese kibô circuit
life does not end
finally the platinum team with great affection
and now it adds up
this the first round
or is not a sock with excellent
of the prison he planned together with erika farias cantão and his companion
next steps of the gang even stuck in a river -
he is still strong with a year with the club but neither were
freedom
our teacher we have credited a family but also out then
the oil and the siege
not only the main members besides the action the gang